Ashley Locklear: Hey, how are you
Kathleen Marshall: Hi, not sure if you can hear me.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. I can hear you.
Kathleen Marshall: For some reason I can't hear you. I don't know what's going on my speaker.
Kathleen Marshall: Let me try again. Let me just turn it off.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright, can you hear me.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. I can hear you.
Kathleen Marshall: Oh. Oh, wait. Now, I hear you again.
Kathleen Marshall: Try again speak again.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah, I can hear you. Good.
Kathleen Marshall: All right, I'm gonna have to just connect my secret.
Kathleen Marshall: All right. Can you hear me.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: Great. I'm Dr. Marshall. It's nice to meet you.
Ashley Locklear: Nice to meet you too.
Kathleen Marshall: So tell me what got you started crawling up and looking into bright heart health, tell me what's going on.
Ashley Locklear: Well, I was going to another cleaning. But, you know, with me working right now. You know I barely have time because, you know, I work in a corporate ocean plate and we're wide open right now.
Ashley Locklear: And I wasn't able to keep my appointments with them and I was looking for something, you know, more convenient and that's when I popped up, you know, cross, Joe.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, where are you working
Ashley Locklear: I'm working at Smithfield me feel foods.
Kathleen Marshall: With a grocery store.
Ashley Locklear: Will port production we we pretty much yet performers, get the hogs and they burn those and we could move so you know your body can meet at the grocery store.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay. And you were in a program where you had to go in person.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: How long have you been in that
Ashley Locklear: I'd been going for. I'd say about five about five months.
Kathleen Marshall: Five months.
Ashley Locklear: Okay. Yes, ma'am. And I just is real hassle. You know, going twice a week, you know. Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: Were you doing groups twice a week or
Ashley Locklear: What I was going, I was saying I was having to see the doctor every week and then doing a GROUP every week. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And tell me. Um, so what had what hadn't been taking through the program.
Ashley Locklear: They had been given me the box and of the films that
Kathleen Marshall: What does have you been on the
Ashley Locklear: Eight milligram, and I was taking it twice a day.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And before that, from five months ago top take me backwards through how did your drug history start
Ashley Locklear: I he got look or rake in you know I got problems with my bank now. As a result, you know, my daughter was prescribed me the pain medication and when they cut me off.
Ashley Locklear: I didn't know what had a problem until they could be off you know in our story. Getting seeking. I had to start buying them off the street, and it was it was a downward spiral for me, you know,
Ashley Locklear: Yeah, yes, it was a vicious cycle, but I had been doing, you know, I've been doing real good with this box and
Kathleen Marshall: You know, when was the car wreck. When did that start
Ashley Locklear: The core Reiki haven in like
Kathleen Marshall: And you said you enjoyed your neck.
Ashley Locklear: Will month. Yeah. Well, my whole you know span, pretty much, you know, in now I have a it caused own set of degenerative disc disease and I have a herniated disc in my illness to area.
Kathleen Marshall: And what were you prescribed at the time. Do you remember
Ashley Locklear: I was getting too old war since the OH 7.5
Kathleen Marshall: And about how long did you take that for months.
Ashley Locklear: We own the landing years. Yeah. Yes, ma'am. I was only for like a year and a half.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Any surgeries. Did you have
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am. No musical
Ashley Locklear: Therapy. Yeah, not doing now.
Kathleen Marshall: And then they stopped the medicine and right away. Did you start looking on the street for the same or
Ashley Locklear: It was like a day after that.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah, it's like late on in that day. Yes, ma'am. I started getting seek
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, and what so that was about 2016 or so. So have you been getting drugs off the street for about four years, would you sign it.
Kathleen Marshall: Yet. Yes, ma'am. And what have you been using off the street.
Ashley Locklear: Park say it's more sits in like if there was any of that available, I would even taking you know something stronger searches. You know, like oxy cotton, stuff like that. Any pretty much anything I could get my hands on.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah, it had to take, you know, just I wouldn't be see
Kathleen Marshall: Any injectable and heroin.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am.
Ashley Locklear: All pills. Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And have you ever used Suboxone off the street.
Ashley Locklear: OH NO MA'AM. I recently done that one time when I missed my appointment date yeah wasn't able to go to my appointment. I didn't have any choice but to really, you know, bad as the box enough Street and, you know, go back to taking pills, because it would feel like I was going backwards.
Kathleen Marshall: Right. And what caused you to get started in a program
Ashley Locklear: I was TIRED. TIRED. TIRED OF that cycle.
Ashley Locklear: Every day, it was the same, same thing. And I was leaving my family down. You know, I have I have kids, you know, and just yeah I was doing that lifestyle.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay and. Has your life been better since you've been on the Suboxone
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. I'm a completely different person.
Ashley Locklear: Person. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Good able to work.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Ashley Locklear: 14 I was not able, you know, to function.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah. Do you have any cravings on the current dose that you're on.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am. Yeah, I'm been doing. I've been. I've been doing really good
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And are you on that dose right now or have you missed a few days.
Ashley Locklear: I've missed a few days.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, are you a few days off, off of it right now.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. I haven't took it like two days now so
Are you feeling
Ashley Locklear: Good. Today I'm starting to feel it. Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: Man, what are you feeling physically
Ashley Locklear: It's just, you know, I'm having some body aches in a cold sweat.
Ashley Locklear: You know my stomach's won't look like turn on. So, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Any runny nose.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Ashley Locklear: And sneezing.
Kathleen Marshall: Sneezing okay
Kathleen Marshall: Tired.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So I'm going to just try this one more time because I think I might have fixed it.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright, can you hear me.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: Still going through there.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, can you hear me through this
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: I can't hear you. All right. I'll have to give it up.
Kathleen Marshall: To this. All right, so I'm going to ask you a bunch of medical questions to go back through your history and kind of get all of that.
Ashley Locklear: So Kim.
Kathleen Marshall: And you'll see me. I'm going to be entering some stuff in. So you just might see me kind of moving and typing as we go.
Kathleen Marshall: What's your past medical history.
Kathleen Marshall: Any problems you pan.
Ashley Locklear: I have asthma, and I also have likes it ahead of us headed agenda this disease and a herniated disc and I also have fibromyalgia.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Now history of heart problems.
Ashley Locklear: Know me
Kathleen Marshall: And the asthma. Have you ever been hospitalized for it.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. About a year ago when I was pregnant with my daughter. I had to. Yeah, I had to go to the hospital.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, for a flare.
Ashley Locklear: You will. It was so bad. I was actually got hospitalized. I was in the hospital for like three or four days.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay well pregnant.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah. Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And now do you take an inhaler regularly.
Ashley Locklear: It will if I needed, I take it, but yes its own as needed basis.
Kathleen Marshall: And have you ever had any surgeries.
Ashley Locklear: I've had to see sections of I'm head or tubes in my ear.
Okay.
Ashley Locklear: And I'm about to head or surgery on my nose or my son or head booted me and I had that. Yeah, he actually broke a bone mean
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: When was that
Ashley Locklear: Is that's that's been about two years ago, two or three years ago.
Kathleen Marshall: Ok and now how many children do you have
Ashley Locklear: I have to to
Kathleen Marshall: Where they full term.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And one you said is assigned as the other one is son as well.
Ashley Locklear: The other ones adult
Kathleen Marshall: Ones on one daughter.
Kathleen Marshall: How old are by
Ashley Locklear: My son's five years old and my daughter shoe actually be YO THE 13th dismal
Kathleen Marshall: Oh, wow.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah. Time flies.
Kathleen Marshall: Any other pregnancies.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: No miscarriages.
Kathleen Marshall: And they were both C sections you saw
Kathleen Marshall: Them any, what was the reason do you know
Ashley Locklear: What a first one would muscle. And it was an emergency C section because you know his heart rate and everything and and he had had a of the makoni and respiration.
Ashley Locklear: Yesterday when he didn't call him out. And the way they could me it made it, you know, harder for me to have a natural delivery with my daughter so they wouldn't have done it CC
Kathleen Marshall: Are you breastfeeding now.
Kathleen Marshall: And are you planning on trying to get pregnant.
Ashley Locklear: No, no.
Ashley Locklear: I don't think I need anymore.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Are you in a relationship.
Ashley Locklear: Oh yes, ma'am. I'm currently married
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And do you use something to prevent pregnancy.
Ashley Locklear: The. Yes, ma'am. Mom on the next plan on
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And how about your family history of medical problems. Your mother, father, brother sisters
Ashley Locklear: My father, he has, you know, he's three of you know the heart disease. He's had heartaches Korea. Korea. He currently has, you know, a pacemaker any has COPD. Okay.
Ashley Locklear: How cholesterol, high blood pressure, does this would my mother.
Okay.
Ashley Locklear: Did I tell you about the COPD.
Kathleen Marshall: In your father.
Ashley Locklear: Yet yet. Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: How about your any siblings.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah, yeah. He has problems with high blood pressure.
Kathleen Marshall: But you don't have that problem.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And then you said you're smoking. How much do you smoke.
Ashley Locklear: Smoke about a pack a day. Thank you.
Kathleen Marshall: For how many years.
Ashley Locklear: I've been smoking for
Ashley Locklear: Say about five years has been logged in there. I started smoking at
Ashley Locklear: About seven years.
And
Kathleen Marshall: Any raping
Night.
Kathleen Marshall: How about marijuana
Ashley Locklear: I have occasionally you know partake in it, but it would only be like rare occasions, you know,
Ashley Locklear: It's not very
Kathleen Marshall: Once a month, a few times a year.
Ashley Locklear: I'd say like three times a month or something.
Kathleen Marshall: Like that.
Ashley Locklear: I'm getting to the point where, you know, I'm not even doing that anymore. So
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, and how about methamphetamines
Ashley Locklear: No name.
Kathleen Marshall: No, never. No use
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And no cocaine crack
Kathleen Marshall: And you said you're currently married
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: You have stable housing.
Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And stable food.
Kathleen Marshall: And then just physically in the past week or so, any issues with your eyes or your vision.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: How about any with your throat or your mouth.
Ashley Locklear: No man.
Kathleen Marshall: You're hearing no
Ashley Locklear: Headaches, no.
Kathleen Marshall: No any swallowing issues or neck problems.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And how is it besides your asthma anything with your lungs. COUGH.
Ashley Locklear: Namaste, man.
Kathleen Marshall: No. And how's your asthma been
Ashley Locklear: It's been about saying, you know, there's only like if I, you know,
Ashley Locklear: I get. When did you know sometimes without a walking. I have to do the work. So that's about it.
Ashley Locklear: Okay menial to lately so
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Ashley Locklear: We learn there.
Kathleen Marshall: Any palpitations, or chest pain.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: We talked about the nausea, but any belly pain.
Ashley Locklear: OH NO MA'AM. Not really.
Kathleen Marshall: Problems peeing.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And we talked about body aches and then your chronic back pain.
Kathleen Marshall: Any other bones or bony pain, elbows, knees.
Ashley Locklear: I have problems with my food from where I broke, it broke it like five different places that you know you get start to get used to it after so long, so
Kathleen Marshall: Was that in a car wreck as well.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am. That was actually I was, I was in middle school when it happened not treating fail. And then I broke up pretty bad.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, was that surgically fixed or just in a cast.
Ashley Locklear: It's just in case they that I stayed in the cast for like two, two and a half to three months.
Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: All right, and any allergies to medicines or yeah
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. On the logic of being a ceiling and
Ashley Locklear: Arrow.
Ashley Locklear: Is sex.
Kathleen Marshall: What happens when you take kind of filling
Ashley Locklear: My airways start, you know, closing up on me and you know have a lot of swelling in the face.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And what medicines are you on right now.
Ashley Locklear: currently taking a gamble for my fibromyalgia and you know I was taking Suboxone this that's pretty much money.
Kathleen Marshall: And then do you have a beautiful is that your
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. You
Kathleen Marshall: How much you know your gabapentin dose.
Ashley Locklear: It's 800 milligrams three times a day.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And how long have you been on that.
Ashley Locklear: Yours.
Ashley Locklear: You're here. Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you take Tylenol or Advil regularly.
Ashley Locklear: I take Tylenol. Yes, me.
Ashley Locklear: How much I'd say take about four tablets a day.
Kathleen Marshall: Of the 500 milligram
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: No aspirin or other anti inflammatories.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And we said hospital, you've been in for your C sections and for the asthma any other time has been in the hospital.
Kathleen Marshall: And tell me back when you were getting medicines off the street.
Kathleen Marshall: The pills and things. Did you ever have any problems with legal problems with drugs.
Ashley Locklear: Oh yes, ma'am. I did at one point time. Yes, ma'am.
Ashley Locklear: What happened, I actually have somebody who wrote me a script.
Ashley Locklear: And I tried to get it field and I gotten a lot of trouble.
Ashley Locklear: For
Ashley Locklear: You okay, but
Kathleen Marshall: Did you have to go in jail.
Ashley Locklear: I pulled like a day in jail because I got BONDED OUT. But I did have, you know, probation and stuff like that. And I got lucky with that, you know, only because the judge thing. I wasn't a troublemaker, you know,
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah yeah
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. And we talked about in the past it was affecting your relationships with your kids and things of clever.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: You've been on the program, five months. So were you did you go through pregnancies with your children.
Ashley Locklear: Would, would my daughter idea that when my son. I did not know anything about Suboxone or I would have probably, you know, got cleaner sooner, you know,
Ashley Locklear: But I did not know anything about it. I didn't know about this box on to my mother, you know, she was looking at ways, you know, to try to
Ashley Locklear: Help me, you know, because nothing else at work. I had tried to, you know, do to detox programs and go to rehab. I couldn't do it, you know.
Ashley Locklear: That this has been only thing that has ever hear me.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So have you been through some detox programs before
Kathleen Marshall: And then what would happen after your detox.
Ashley Locklear: I would get. I don't know. You know, it's like I would get like depressed or something. Something like in my mental state because after I had went through the withdrawals and everything. There was one time where I did complete a detox.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah, I went through that. It's like, I don't know, something gave me a craving and you know it was the same old thing just
Kathleen Marshall: Right.
Kathleen Marshall: And hasn't been that way with the Suboxone
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So did you start while you were pregnant with your daughter.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Great.
Kathleen Marshall: But it was your mom who found the program, not your OB.
Yes.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Well, and so your mom. Sounds like a good support for you.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. She is. She, she's really proud of me.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, how about your partner, your husband.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. Hey, he's another one. He, he's he's glad you know I'm doing a whole lot better than I was, because he's really been there with me throughout ups and downs.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Okay, good.
Kathleen Marshall: What else was a source of support for you. Like some people religion or church or other exercise.
Ashley Locklear: Will my father's a know the good support he's he's another good support that. But that's really about it, religion, it just doesn't really help me too much. You know,
Ashley Locklear: It's just, you know, right now I'm in a month it you know I'm trying to work. You take care of my family, you know, that's what's that's what's important to me right now.
You know young
Kathleen Marshall: Ashley you scored. You know, you took those questionnaires when you started for the anxiety and depression and anxiety score was fairly high. Is that something that you've struggled with in the past or you're just feeling that now.
Ashley Locklear: Well, I'm struggling with anxiety for a long time.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Okay. Have you ever had any treatment for that.
Ashley Locklear: I was at one point I was actually seeing a psychiatrist, the neighbor prescribing me, you know, or Clinton, but when I entered into the you notice the box and program that that was put out and they put me on something that they said was almost like Benadryl or something like that.
Ashley Locklear: You know, in
Ashley Locklear: But it didn't really do anything to help me so
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Have you ever been on what we call an SSRI like Zoloft or Prozac or
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. I was taking over the lakes.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, did you feel like that helped
Ashley Locklear: I mean, I've tried to do have quite a few different ones to try to find something that works. Maybe, like, No, no, really helping. It's like they all made me feel, you know, like different
Ashley Locklear: Not liking the way either.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, I know to me.
Kathleen Marshall: What and have you been diagnosed with any other illnesses like depression or bipolar.
Depression.
Kathleen Marshall: And. Are you still seeing that psychiatry or no.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am. Okay, there's
Ashley Locklear: One, because every major snag tried you know it's just it has helped me. You know, it's like. Now, I don't know. It's like I'm got better at it.
Ashley Locklear: I'm better than what I was, you know, and it's just I had to get into, like, a different mental state. And I think, you know, a lot of it is being, you know, we're like I said I've missed appointments, you know, and have been able to go to my bonus to get, you know, the medication. I need you know
Ashley Locklear: To keep me on the right track. And it's like it just, you know, I got to keep myself on track. And I think I'm in doing good with that and build me a lot. So I think it's helped me way more than you know the medication. They were prescribed me for depression.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah, I don't really think it was like
Ashley Locklear: I really think it was the drugs that were causing me know and majority of my depression.
Kathleen Marshall: You know, okay, that's what I was wondering if when you're stable on the Suboxone it for anxiety and depression kind of gets better.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah, it really does. You know, and I liked it. I can do different old way around
Ashley Locklear: Okay, when I when I have to do without.
Kathleen Marshall: So yeah, how about how are you sleeping.
Ashley Locklear: I'm sleeping right you know it's just I don't get to sleep a lot, you know, because I have my daughter and I'm working like 10 hours every day right now.
Ashley Locklear: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And who's watching your daughter.
Ashley Locklear: My mother. She's watching my mother and my mother's watching my daughter and my son right now because you know they're out of school.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Will your hours potentially scaled back when coronavirus through or this is the way you work.
Ashley Locklear: It's the way I work for front of us. We were operating at 10 hours every day 13 days straight. At one point in time, you know, before we would get a day. Oh.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah yeah
Ashley Locklear: Do you
Kathleen Marshall: Like a very physical job.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. I'm actually a with a knife. I'm taking and trimming the fat off or hams
Ashley Locklear: Yeah but but
Kathleen Marshall: You'll be able to do this long term or do you have other plans.
Ashley Locklear: I have other plans because of they have something called a quality assurance up there and their jobs, actually a whole lot easier than what you know what I'm currently doing after a year being at a plant, I can you know transfer to that next.
Ashley Locklear: Class. Yeah, that's what I'm planning on doing because it's a whole lot less physical
Ashley Locklear: Okay, mainly, you know, just in space and stuff, you know,
Kathleen Marshall: How long have you been at the plan.
Ashley Locklear: I have been out there almost six months now.
Kathleen Marshall: Excellent. All right, good. So you have good you have things you're looking forward to
Kathleen Marshall: And your kids, of course, growing up.
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Yes. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So to do kind of a little physical exam. It's over the video, I'll just ask you to do certain things and kind of watch you. So I've you lean forward and pull your eyelids down so I can look at them.
Kathleen Marshall: And I'm going to say hello good no content type of color people people around a reactive to light you can lean back. Good. And now look to your one side to be you're left with just your eyes and now the other side.
Kathleen Marshall: And up and then look down. Good. Stick your tongue now good and puff your cheeks.
Kathleen Marshall: Squeeze your eyes tight shot good shrug your shoulders up
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Turn your head from side to side.
Kathleen Marshall: Good and then tell me if you have any limitations with this but lift your arms over your head and down.
Ashley Locklear: I'm trying to get the phone.
Kathleen Marshall: Out for me.
Ashley Locklear: I don't know if you can see but
Ashley Locklear: Yeah, like I've been doing
Kathleen Marshall: And now feel your neck like this.
Kathleen Marshall: Good. And then I'm gonna have you push on the upper right part of your belly. Any pain there.
Ashley Locklear: Right. No, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And upper left.
Ashley Locklear: No, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And then lower right.
Kathleen Marshall: Now,
Good.
Kathleen Marshall: And then if you can either lift your leg up to for me to see your ankles or bring the phone down for me to just look at
Kathleen Marshall: Anything else, looking for swelling.
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Good, and you can put it back up.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, good. And then the last part we check your pulse. So I don't know if you know how to find that you take two fingers and feel there's kind of a ropey muscle and in front of that on your neck, try to find your pulse.
Kathleen Marshall: You tell me when you're feeling it kind of regularly.
Ashley Locklear: I'm feeling
Kathleen Marshall: I'm going to have you start counting in your head, and I'll say stop and then you just tell me how many bumps you ready start counting
Kathleen Marshall: And stop.
Ashley Locklear: Counting team.
Kathleen Marshall: And how tall are you,
Ashley Locklear: I'm five foot eight
Kathleen Marshall: And how much do you weigh about
Ashley Locklear: Our way about 200 pounds right now.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: All right, we have your medicines, let me make sure I have your proper pharmacy. Before we talk about kind of how everything works right
Well,
Kathleen Marshall: And I'll double check your phone number is 910-736-7306
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: And then I have a dot lock Lior dot 7341 at gmail
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. Okay, great.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright, they have this that going to Walmart 930 highway 711 I think it says that sound right.
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. Okay, how do I say leaving. Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so you know you've been doing well on those the current medication. The Suboxone film. So that's what we'll continue on.
Kathleen Marshall: And typically, when people so Suboxone in case, no one's ever explained to you how it works. It's, it's a partial
Kathleen Marshall: opioid receptor medication. So on the street. When you get or when you get prescribed percocet oxy code on any of those opioids. They are attaching to different opioid receptors in your brain. They help control pain, but they also give you that kind of real good feeling.
Kathleen Marshall: The Suboxone the buprenorphine part of it attaches to those same receptors, but doesn't activate them in quite the same way. So it helps
Kathleen Marshall: Kind of have all those receptors be full so that you're not craving the opioid, but it doesn't give you that up and down, up and down feeling
Kathleen Marshall: You will have withdrawal. If you stop you know Suboxone as, you know, it's much less and a different feeling, but it's a different way that your body processes it and it helps you. As you know, the world not have cravings, not be chasing that that feeling.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: But it has a higher what we call affinity, so it will grab on to those receptors, more than the Percocet and Oxycodone
Kathleen Marshall: So if you ever are if you ever have a relapse and you are taking, you know those other medicines and they're all in your brain. If you take the Suboxone
Kathleen Marshall: It will knock those off of the receptors and you'll go into fast withdrawal.
Kathleen Marshall: That's why when people start Suboxone initially you probably remember this, you had to be in a little bit of withdrawal and then you started slow to try to avoid knocking yourself into a really yucky feeling withdrawal. Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: So that's the way that part works now and has in the Suboxone. The other component, then the lock zone and that one blocks opioid receptors. So it attaches on and doesn't let anything happen.
Kathleen Marshall: It doesn't work when you it's not active, the way we take Suboxone under the tongue so it doesn't have any effect, but it's the point of it is so that people don't try to take it the medicine and, you know, mix it up and injected
Kathleen Marshall: Or some other way. And it's to protect you. So that if people find out you're taking Suboxone. They're not trying to get that medicine from you to get high. Now sometimes use it on the street to prevent withdrawal. But that's us. That's not the same, you know,
Kathleen Marshall: Kind of danger for you, having to medication. So that's how that's how that part works. You have to put it under the tongue, because if you swallow the medicine, it goes through your gastrointestinal tract and it doesn't work as well.
Kathleen Marshall: The same way, it's not absorbed. So you want to take the Suboxone under the tongue. Let it fully dissolve. You know, when you take it. I'm sure you've been doing all of this.
Kathleen Marshall: And some people find it. They take the glass of water. First, it helps them with absorbing
Kathleen Marshall: The medicine, but you want to put out of the tongue and let it fully absorbed, you're doing it twice a day.
Kathleen Marshall: With the met the dose that you're on you're covering most of those receptors in your brain. So you're at a good dose. We sometimes in the future, after a year or two. We talked about
Kathleen Marshall: weaning a little bit and seeing if we can get to on a lower dose and the only reason we really do that is if you had another injury or even need a dental surgery, sometimes it's easier for us to treat pain on top when you're on a lower dose of the buprenorphine.
Ashley Locklear: Was saying now when I had my C section with my daughter. I actually didn't take any pain medication. I'm doing
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. I don't find we just, you know, taking some boats and like a, you know, very good. And I don't. Good. I didn't need, you know, when I had my son, they had to give me like a morphine drip and now that I didn't. I did not make any that
Ashley Locklear: Is tall. Yes. I actually don't. I actually doing good. You might have a surgery like that.
Kathleen Marshall: That's amazing. To do take
Ashley Locklear: It.
Kathleen Marshall: More often, or the same as or take. Wow.
Ashley Locklear: Seven. Yes, ma'am. I took is saying and I was walking and doing everything in the same day.
Kathleen Marshall: As agree.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, good. So you've done really well. You should feel really proud of yourself, and I hope that this program is easier for you, you know, managing your kids and your work and everything.
Kathleen Marshall: What we do is we set you up with a group and we have a group going right now. Tuesdays at 7pm. I don't know if that's a time that might work for you.
Ashley Locklear: Know how long did the group's usually last
Kathleen Marshall: One hour.
Ashley Locklear: Okay, but now see how it works. If she have so anywhere from like 1230 to three of the 315 I might be at work and I till 1115 if it was like a 30 minute group or something like that. I can do it on my break it word
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah yeah
Ashley Locklear: Y'all have groups earlier today.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, they just wouldn't be with me, but we can get you in with a group, I'll ask them to see about that. And it might be with you know people from different parts of the country.
Kathleen Marshall: different time zones and things, but we'll see. So let me when I email the care coordinator, the best times that work for you are what
Ashley Locklear: Are early morning
Ashley Locklear: Yes, ma'am. Anything from 730, you know, all the way to like 10 o'clock.
Kathleen Marshall: I will ask them to look into that for you. If there's not, something like that, possibly, we could have you do 30 minutes of the group, you know, check in and then check back out when you're off your break
Kathleen Marshall: If we're not able to find something at that time.
Kathleen Marshall: But typically, what we do is have a group once a week and then you'll probably meet with your counselor and get to meet that person as well your therapist and they're really you're just your help and your coach and they're really good.
Kathleen Marshall: And then I depending on which group you're in. I checked in with you during group if it's mine. Or if you're in a different group we set up an appointment at least for the first few weeks just a 15 minute check in and see how you're doing.
Kathleen Marshall: And then we'll refill the medicine at those at those meetings. We also I'll prescribe you nor can I don't know if you've ever used that the nasal spray
Kathleen Marshall: And you've never had an overdose rain.
Ashley Locklear: No name.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes, but whenever we prescribe buprenorphine we prescribe this as well, just as a safety thing for you to have and I'll send you an email with the links on
Kathleen Marshall: How to use it. But it's a nasal spray that you would use if there was ever an overdose, or if a friend of yours had an overdose. And it's kind of safe to have
Kathleen Marshall: In case of that. But I'll send those medications at today. From then on, will just be refilling the Suboxone and we'll check in and see how your cravings are and how your doses doing any issues going on medically
Kathleen Marshall: Any other medications you're on all of those no concerns or problems that you might have.
Ashley Locklear: One question for you or for my lab work.
Ashley Locklear: Somehow or another day. So you'll have, you know, they sent my lab or two offices all the way in Fayetteville, North Carolina.
Ashley Locklear: But I have one that's a whole lot closer in eastern Lumberton North Carolina don't need to call yells numbers, you know, and talk with him to see about, you know, transfer and my order.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes I will, in the email, I will see see our care coordinator and I'll mention, where's the lab you're looking to go to
Ashley Locklear: Oh its own Fayetteville roadie so Carolina family in urgent care or something like that. Nice on your road mom to North Carolina. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: What's the time you said Manville
Ashley Locklear: Lumberton
Ashley Locklear: Longer to North Carolina. Yes, in its own fate real world.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, I'll include in the email that you're looking to switch the laboratory.
Kathleen Marshall: So those additional blood tests that we look at our
Kathleen Marshall: One, making sure you're not pregnant and then another is looking at your liver function tests and and then the drug test to start
Kathleen Marshall: But I send the prescription before that so you can fill the prescription. We just want you to get that blood work and lab done as soon as you can. Some people have had problems with coronavirus and we're understanding of that right now.
Kathleen Marshall: Some labs are not open after that you'll get every month a urine drug screen in the test in the in the mail that you do at home. The most important part remembers. Don't open it when it comes in this package, just leave it and
Kathleen Marshall: Make sure you're
Kathleen Marshall: On camera with your care coordinator and then they'll have you open it in front of them, you'll open it up and then you'll go in the bathroom P and hold it back out.
Kathleen Marshall: I dad should be coming about every month after we get the initial one, there has been some issues with delivery right now with coronavirus as well. And again, our company we're we're understanding of that we know what's going on in the world. So we're not
Kathleen Marshall: Utilizing people if
Kathleen Marshall: They're not getting that
Kathleen Marshall: But that will be sent to you you know in the in the mail, you should be looking looking out for that in a month or so.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, yeah. And let me make sure I'm going over everything.
Kathleen Marshall: You'll see an email. Oh, you'll check in to the virtual clinic, like you did before your meetings are scheduled and once a week. They'll have you fill out what's called a Bam, and it's just a brief.
Kathleen Marshall: Assessment of your cravings and your feelings and how you're doing takes about 10 minutes and you'll do that before your meetings once a week, and that helps us track kind of your symptoms on a numerical scale.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. They'll also send you a one time what's called an ace and that's another just parameter that they're looking at and a survey, but that's only one time. So you'll get that I think they'll send it to you via email, but I'm
Kathleen Marshall: Not sure. But just be on the lookout for the ACE survey as well.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And I think that's everything. We went over.
Kathleen Marshall: The Smoking. We can talk about in the future if you're interested in quitting. You can kind of think about that for the future. We do have
Kathleen Marshall: You know, we could do patches or columns or if you're ever interested when you're feeling more settled and less anxious and things are going well. But for now, we'll focus on getting you on the Suboxone and a good dose and kind of going with our program in a, in a good way. Okay.
Ashley Locklear: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: All right. I think that's everything. I'm going to send over this prescription and
Kathleen Marshall: Then it should be there today as he prescribed, so you should be able to pick it up and then I'll have the care coordinator expect an email from me and I'll see see the care coordinator, and then we'll be in touch with you about setting up a group and our follow up visit
Ashley Locklear: Okay, again,
Ashley Locklear: Okay, thank you. Pam.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright, have a good rest of your weekend.
Ashley Locklear: You to look for simulator.
Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: Hi, can you hear me.
Brittany Cifers: Yeah, I can hear you.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, great. I'm Dr. Marshall. Nice to meet you.
Brittany Cifers: Nice to meet you.
Kathleen Marshall: Good. It's Brittany right
Huh. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So how are you doing today I have a little bit of intake. But tell me, what, what made you call bright heart health.
Brittany Cifers: Because I wanted to continue being on Suboxone so my urges will go away. Go away. I don't have urgent or anything. The only thing that stops March.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: I think your videos.
Kathleen Marshall: Frozen. Oh, there we go. Okay, so
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So how long have you been on Suboxone
Brittany Cifers: Um, for about a year, but I'll blow them off the street, before I got them scrub.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, um, where you've been on them through a program for a year or you were getting them off the street, and then a year on a program
Brittany Cifers: I've been on two boxes, maybe two weeks with the three prescription
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, before that it was off the street.
Brittany Cifers: If
Kathleen Marshall: I can't see your video Brittany. Can you see me.
Brittany Cifers: You have to see you now. There we go.
Okay.
Brittany Cifers: The phone
Brittany Cifers: For a minute.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, I still can't see you.
Kathleen Marshall: All right.
Kathleen Marshall: All right. Do you have good self or Wi Fi signal there.
Brittany Cifers: I've got, I've got two bars LTE, so I don't understand it.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. All right. We'll try to make it work.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So tell me, before you were using Suboxone were using other pills off the street.
Brittany Cifers: Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me about your Drunk History of how did you start using
Brittany Cifers: Well, my ex got me hooked on everything that I was on
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, when did that start
Brittany Cifers: I
Brittany Cifers: Think it was
Brittany Cifers: December of
Brittany Cifers: 2014
Kathleen Marshall: September of 2014 and what we're using ban.
Brittany Cifers: Um,
Brittany Cifers: Let's see. It was a little bit of everything, to be honest.
Yeah.
Brittany Cifers: Talk outside
Brittany Cifers: Um, I was on a see it was it was in between was correct coke myth heroin.
Brittany Cifers: I'm a little bit of everything.
Kathleen Marshall: All at the same time, or a different time.
No.
Kathleen Marshall: And did you have any legal issues with drugs.
Brittany Cifers: Yeah.
Brittany Cifers: I love to kids because
Kathleen Marshall: They're not in your life now.
No.
Brittany Cifers: Now we have right now I have one.
Brittany Cifers: One, because I did stop.
Kathleen Marshall: Saying that again right now. What
Brittany Cifers: You have right now. I do have one kid I have custody of one of my kids that I had one to her because I did stop.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So you regain custody of one of them.
Brittany Cifers: No, no, this is my newborn I had her a year ago.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: She's one year old.
Brittany Cifers: Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And how did you get from using all those drugs to Suboxone what, how did you change that.
Brittany Cifers: Well, well, my ex is already taken it and he introduced me to it as I didn't say are just listening, but it did, it won't stop and everything.
Brittany Cifers: Because what he actually to do something with them. And I'd already at the sponsor to my system. I didn't want the original there.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And so did you start taking it on purpose to avoid withdrawal and
Brittany Cifers: Not have
Kathleen Marshall: The drugs. Okay.
Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: And why were you sick of using the regular drugs.
Brittany Cifers: Got I got sick from taking opiates and heroin.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, ever. Have you ever had an overdose.
So,
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever been hospitalized for drugs.
Kathleen Marshall: I didn't you were moving. I didn't hear you.
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever been on for drugs.
Kathleen Marshall: No. No. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So what program did you start a few weeks ago.
Brittany Cifers: I was going through closing can mount Sterling Kentucky, and I'll go into gateway recovery.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Is that an inpatient or outpatient
Brittany Cifers: First get started.
Kathleen Marshall: Say that again. The first what
Brittany Cifers: Sir, I said the first
Brittany Cifers: Box appeals and then they feel BA from uncertainty strips of set before
Kathleen Marshall: You're really cutting in and out. I'm having trouble.
Brittany Cifers: Oh, that was on the pills in the strip mines covered it.
Kathleen Marshall: Your insurance company. Okay.
Brittany Cifers: But they have a problem with is not good.
Kathleen Marshall: You think you wouldn't have a problem with the strips.
Brittany Cifers: Yeah, I get it for
Brittany Cifers: Medicaid here proves it.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And do you prefer the film's over the
Brittany Cifers: Top. Yeah.
Brittany Cifers: Okay, yes. I think taking the time.
Kathleen Marshall: To tell me, why don't you like the tops.
Brittany Cifers: That makes me throw up gets me nauseous.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you have any medical problems.
Brittany Cifers: Stage for endometriosis.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Any long or heart problems.
The
Brittany Cifers: levels are low.
Kathleen Marshall: Your iron levels.
Brittany Cifers: In Saudi
Kathleen Marshall: Brittany Is there a different spot in the house. You might be able to try because it's really cutting in and out.
Brittany Cifers: Here me outside.
Kathleen Marshall: I think it was a little better.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay.
Brittany Cifers: Is that better.
Kathleen Marshall: Not yet. I've
Brittany Cifers: Got yeah better service out here anyway.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Your voice is better. So that's easier for me to hear. Okay. Okay, good. So you said you have anemia low blow bubbles.
Brittany Cifers: Yes. What is that low liver levels.
Kathleen Marshall: Low liver levels.
Kathleen Marshall: And who treats that your OB GYN
Brittany Cifers: On the intimate yes Mobi to buy into it does, but my liver levels. Um, my primary care doctor does, but I've got to get an A primary care doctor
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Have you ever had any surgeries.
Brittany Cifers: Yes, I've had two knee surgeries that that process into my my opiate addiction. Okay, that's where that come from, because I was on Lyrica and I was on, on pain medicine for that.
Brittany Cifers: And then I went into having
Brittany Cifers: I've had they would end on a scope for my own Dimitrios
Brittany Cifers: And I've had
Brittany Cifers: Two sections.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So you say you were on the Lyrica and the pain medications with knee surgeries and that's when then you and your boyfriend started with
Brittany Cifers: Yeah, my ex boyfriend.
Kathleen Marshall: ex boyfriend.
Kathleen Marshall: And which knee. Was it
Brittany Cifers: All right.
Kathleen Marshall: Ready. Did you break it, or what happened tariffs on
Brittany Cifers: Tore my meniscus and my leg was a first surgery. Then the second surgery they took out my IT band.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: To try to help the pain.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: You still have your appendix.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah tonsils.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And then how about your family, your mother and father to you know them. They have health problems.
Brittany Cifers: My mama has my Daddy doesn't a mama has heart problems, she has diabetes, high blood pressure,
Kathleen Marshall: And your father does
Brittany Cifers: He has COPD.
COPD.
Kathleen Marshall: And your father has no health problem.
Brittany Cifers: No, not that I know of.
Kathleen Marshall: How about brothers and sisters
Brittany Cifers: My brother has ADD.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Have you been diagnosed with any depression ever or anxiety.
Brittany Cifers: I've been with depression, anxiety,
Kathleen Marshall: Bipolar
No.
Kathleen Marshall: Were you ever treated by a psychiatrist for
Brittany Cifers: Depression, I wanted, I wanted to get into one of them. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Are you feeling like you have symptoms. Now,
Brittany Cifers: Yeah, a little bit. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Of which one or both.
Brittany Cifers: Really. Both. Both.
Kathleen Marshall: How is your sleep been
Brittany Cifers: Burned pretty good.
Okay.
Brittany Cifers: But I wake up some time doing game. I think it was last night night for last. Um, I woke up at a wouldn't have been then I woke back up. But like, like it was like two o'clock. And then I couldn't go back to bed to like five or six
Brittany Cifers: I don't know if I need to get on medicine to help me sleep or what
Kathleen Marshall: We can talk about what we're thinking but
Kathleen Marshall: Tell me, do you smoke cigarettes.
Brittany Cifers: Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: How much do you smoke.
Brittany Cifers: I'm here recently cutting because I started to get me off cigarettes.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So how many cigarettes a day.
Brittany Cifers: Was maybe a half a pack a day.
Brittany Cifers: Because they've been as cut me way down.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And how often do baby.
Brittany Cifers: Here recently I've been doing it, Mom.
Brittany Cifers: It was charged. I'll do it all day long. And then also, I'll maybe some cigarette in between.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And how about alcohol use.
Know,
Kathleen Marshall: And you haven't had any recent use of other street drugs amphetamines.
Kathleen Marshall: No, I'm tranquilizers or pencils.
Brittany Cifers: On Demand
Kathleen Marshall: And do you have a job are you working now.
Brittany Cifers: Number two, as you're trying to find a job. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: What are you looking for
Brittany Cifers: And really care to drive mostly
Kathleen Marshall: Driving you said
Brittany Cifers: I cashier
Cashier
Kathleen Marshall: Did you use to do that without a job, you have
Brittany Cifers: Yeah you sell used to work while you are used to wait to see a lot
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And did you graduate high school
Brittany Cifers: Yes, ma'am. I've also got a degree in veterinary assistant
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: But you're not looking for a job in that
Brittany Cifers: Now I can't find one.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you have pets yourself.
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. Okay, what do you have
Brittany Cifers: Well, my dad has a Chihuahua and where I'm staying it out here a little guy. The guy that I'm talking to. He is he brushes, about four or five pit bulls.
Brittany Cifers: Okay, yeah, to La, la,
Okay.
Brittany Cifers: I love dogs.
Kathleen Marshall: And is your baby with you there.
Brittany Cifers: No, not here. She just my mama right now, just give me a little, a little bit of a break right now because I've had her and her father's not in her life. So she really doesn't have a father right now. She has my father figure
Brittany Cifers: In your life.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah. Okay. And is this where you live, or do you live somewhere else.
Brittany Cifers: I live somewhere else. I live in Butner
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, by yourself with your daughter.
Brittany Cifers: My daughter, my mom and dad.
Brittany Cifers: Okay, here's my dad's girlfriend.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And do you feel like that's a stable living environment for you.
Brittany Cifers: That that they're, they're the only support them is where I live in button or that is my all time support system.
Kathleen Marshall: Excellent. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: What else do you consider a source of support for you.
Brittany Cifers: My daughter.
Kathleen Marshall: Your daughter. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Anything that might be
Brittany Cifers: The only thing that's keeping me going.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Are you breastfeeding her currently
Brittany Cifers: And I'm I am not.
Kathleen Marshall: How about and do you have anything else that gives you comfort like exercise or church or anything else.
Brittany Cifers: Um, I thought really it's mainly fishing or hunting.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: What do you hunt.
Brittany Cifers: Deer
Deer
Kathleen Marshall: With rifle or arrow.
Kathleen Marshall: Rifle rifle.
Kathleen Marshall: That's kind of a stress relief for you fishing.
Brittany Cifers: Hunting this man.
Kathleen Marshall: Good, good. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: I'm just gonna ask you some basic symptoms if you've had in the past week or two.
Kathleen Marshall: Headache
Brittany Cifers: A little bit, yes.
Kathleen Marshall: How about vision problems or changes.
Brittany Cifers: No.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you wear contacts.
Know,
Kathleen Marshall: Any hearing problems.
No.
Kathleen Marshall: Any runny nose or sneezing.
Brittany Cifers: Runny nose, sneezing, yes.
Kathleen Marshall: And any sore throat.
No.
Kathleen Marshall: Swallowing problems or neck issues.
Brittany Cifers: Now,
Kathleen Marshall: Any call for shortness of breath.
Brittany Cifers: Perfect coffee. Yes.
Kathleen Marshall: Any. Are you coughing up anything
Kathleen Marshall: Any chest pain or palpitations.
Kathleen Marshall: Know how about belly pain or nausea.
Nausea
Kathleen Marshall: And how about body aches or muscle aches.
Brittany Cifers: I've had somebody exists.
Kathleen Marshall: And do you get regular periods.
Brittany Cifers: No, I'm not periods for my enemy. She assists on our blade one day and I'll stop and then I'll Bleed. Again,
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: On and off the whole month
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Any skin problems.
No.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you take any medicine.
Brittany Cifers: No.
Kathleen Marshall: No, nothing. The only thing that I do take here now is mainly my Garrett and because of the fact that it helps me to meet your doses.
Kathleen Marshall: You know,
Brittany Cifers: But I've got to help me get back on it.
Kathleen Marshall: So you're not on any gabapentin right now.
Brittany Cifers: No. Okay, that's where my with us. So a part of them warm up Mr. My withdrawal symptoms are coming from.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And are you on Suboxone recently, or are you off for a few days.
Brittany Cifers: I'm out. I just ran out.
Kathleen Marshall: When
Brittany Cifers: I ran out yesterday.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, so. Did you take any yesterday morning, or yesterday night.
Brittany Cifers: Yes. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: But none this morning.
Brittany Cifers: I have had a very little piece this morning, but it's just not helping my withdrawals this morning.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Typically, what does, what were you taking the eight
Brittany Cifers: Milligrams per second. Yeah, I was taking the eight
Kathleen Marshall: Twice a day.
Brittany Cifers: Where they have me on it, they had me taking one and a half strip a day.
Kathleen Marshall: And how are you dividing that out.
Brittany Cifers: I was dividing it out throughout the day won't take it all at once.
Kathleen Marshall: So a few times a day. We're taking it.
Brittany Cifers: Yeah, I get it, like maybe four times a day.
Brittany Cifers: Okay, what to what I had to take
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And you will up to 12 milligrams, kind of, they had you
Kathleen Marshall: Know,
Brittany Cifers: They have eight milligrams. I know that.
Kathleen Marshall: And one and a half of those right
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah okay so 12 milligrams for the day.
Brittany Cifers: Yeah.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Did you feel like that was covering your cravings, or were you still have as
Brittany Cifers: I knew it was
It was
Kathleen Marshall: Any allergies to medicines.
Brittany Cifers: Now I am
Kathleen Marshall: And you've had three three children.
Brittany Cifers: Yeah, one vegetable into C section.
Kathleen Marshall: Where they full term.
Brittany Cifers: Um, my daughter, my first daughter was my son wasn't
Brittany Cifers: In my other daughter was
Brittany Cifers: My son, he was breached has reached in half so they had to go into a C section. Go ahead and take him out.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And then was your daughter. The most recent
A seesaw. Yes.
Brittany Cifers: And her February 27 of 2019
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And you were on Suboxone at that time.
Brittany Cifers: No, I wasn't.
Kathleen Marshall: No. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: You got into it. After
Kathleen Marshall: Yes. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: That's hard to have gotten off of using drugs while you have a newborn
Brittany Cifers: Now, I know.
Kathleen Marshall: You must have been very motivated
Brittany Cifers: Yeah, I had to be
Kathleen Marshall: You know, to take care of her.
Kathleen Marshall: Yep. Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: Did they try to get you in a program while you were pregnant.
Brittany Cifers: No, they didn't. They didn't try it all.
Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And have you ever done any group sessions group counseling sessions.
Brittany Cifers: I don't really like groups. I mean, I'm Tommy Lee sticking myself.
Kathleen Marshall: You may mystic to yourself.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, okay, just for me to do a quick exam if you can move forward and kind of show me that you can do it one at a time. If you want your eyes. Good. Other one
Kathleen Marshall: Excellent. And then stick your tongue out.
Kathleen Marshall: Good puff your cheeks like this.
Kathleen Marshall: And squeeze. Your Eyes Wide Shut,
Kathleen Marshall: Good. Turn your head side to side.
Kathleen Marshall: And shrug your shoulders up
Kathleen Marshall: Good and then push on your belly upper right side, see if you have any pain.
Brittany Cifers: Right here, I do for my period.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, upper left side.
Brittany Cifers: Right here. No, I don't have any on that status my movement. Other side.
Kathleen Marshall: OK, and then how about the lower right and lower left.
Brittany Cifers: And right here. I do for my period.
Brittany Cifers: And right there. I do for my period.
Brittany Cifers: Because I'm on my period right now. And I know he does is it makes it a lot worse when I'm over here you will
Kathleen Marshall: Do you take Tylenol or anything for that.
Brittany Cifers: I take Tylenol.
Brittany Cifers: And I take a the Tylenol and my gabapentin the phone. Got it.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And what's the OB PRESCRIBING THE Gabba Penton
Brittany Cifers: Know my family care was and now she was. She stopped subscribing it for me. So I've got to find somebody else or what helped me
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. How much were you taken
Brittany Cifers: And I was taking one three times a day.
Kathleen Marshall: Do you know what size, it was
Brittany Cifers: 100 300 600. It was the 400 milligrams
Kathleen Marshall: And how has your OB ever given you oral contraceptives like the pill to try to help with the endometriosis.
Brittany Cifers: It wouldn't help
Kathleen Marshall: Didn't help it.
Brittany Cifers: Because I've also had this right here. I had an XP on but they had to take that out as well on the way to my heart.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So are you using anything for protection. Now,
Brittany Cifers: I'm not too tired.
Brittany Cifers: But I'm when I went out. I think it was maybe a year or so ago I went in. They had no Pap smear, and they went in to take the chicken me for cervical cancer. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So you're following up with them to
Brittany Cifers: Monitor that I have another pair. I have a pap smear, and this October.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: So the next one on is removed.
Kathleen Marshall: Yeah, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: It was migrating in your body.
Brittany Cifers: Yes, ma'am.
Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: And you said the man, you're with or is that your boyfriend now.
Brittany Cifers: I'm not just yet.
Okay, okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Um, and we talked to you about stable living to have stable source of food you're able to
Brittany Cifers: Provide for what. Yes, ma'am.
Kathleen Marshall: So the Suboxone I'll talk to you about the films and the tabs. They all work the same way.
Kathleen Marshall: So they have two medications in them and you may know this, but I'll review it so you understand
Kathleen Marshall: The poop an orphan part is the part that helps with your cravings. So you have all these receptors in your brain that opioids Percocet, I lauded
Kathleen Marshall: oxy cotton oxy quote on any of those attached to morphine heroin, all of those attached to those receptors and they relieve your pain, but they also give you that high, and then the low as you withdraw so
Kathleen Marshall: buprenorphine attaches to those same receptors, but it doesn't have the same effects it
Kathleen Marshall: Um, so it helps you to not have the cravings, because those receptors are happy because they've got buprenorphine on them. They're not seeking out the other drugs.
Kathleen Marshall: But it doesn't give you that same high feeling and then withdrawal kind of that up and down and you get on a nice steady dose and you won't have any withdrawals and it'll help curb your cravings for regular drugs, as you know,
Brittany Cifers: Because
Kathleen Marshall: The naloxone part. The other part of the Suboxone is basically what attached to those receptors and block any effect at all. So,
Kathleen Marshall: That one is just there for your safety. It's to avoid people trying to get the drug from you so that they inject it because if you inject
Kathleen Marshall: Suboxone you will get no effect at all because of that and Alok zone, that's in it.
Kathleen Marshall: When you take Suboxone under the tongue than the lock zone doesn't get activated in your body. And that's how the buprenorphine works, but you can't use that drug. I can't crush it or injected or the naloxone will take over and you won't get any effect.
Brittany Cifers: So they put them
Kathleen Marshall: Out of sent to help it from being used on the street for high now it is sometimes sold on the street, people will use it to avoid their withdrawals.
Kathleen Marshall: It's not as risky or as desired because it doesn't have that, you know, high that it's giving people. So that's why in there.
Kathleen Marshall: If you swallow Suboxone it goes through your GI system and it won't really have very much effect. So it's important when you take it to put it under your tongue and let it fully dissolve.
Kathleen Marshall: That's the only way that the medicine really gets absorbed well into your system right in your bloodstream from under your tongue as opposed to going down into your stomach.
Kathleen Marshall: So you've been on 12 milligrams, which is one and a half films, generally the way we use Suboxone is usually twice a day. It's usually easiest for you to
Kathleen Marshall: Kind of, remember to dose that way and that's usually the effects are felt that way sometimes people use it three times a day in smaller doses, if they have pain issues.
Brittany Cifers: And because it
Kathleen Marshall: Helps their pain. So four times a day. The way you're worried using it is a lot. And that's a lot to remember if
Kathleen Marshall: You take a bigger dose at a smaller interval
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, adjust that. If you think so, if you were doing one and a half. Some people find that they'll do you could do one full film, you know, full film in the nine and a half film in the evening.
Kathleen Marshall: Or the other way around. If you find that your cravings are worse than you could also do you know three quarters and then one and a half later, so three quarters full times. Okay. Um, do you know why you were still doing it four times a day.
Brittany Cifers: And because I'm a well because of any help my pain management, a lot more because I period get worse at nighttime.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, I understand that. I would suggest for you, Brittany, doing a half of a film three times a day.
Kathleen Marshall: So Karen when you wake up one in the afternoon, and then another half at bedtime.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay that's that's 12 milligrams and that should give you that nice pain relief and then it's three times a day. So it's about every eight hours. Okay.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. And the way Brian heart health works is, I'll check in with you again in about a week. You can reach out if you need to sooner but we'll see how that dose is going for you.
Kathleen Marshall: Or if we can make adjustments if we need you let us know if you're having cravings, or if you're feeling too sleepy, any of those problems that you're having and
Kathleen Marshall: kind of talk about that. It's important to know if you do if you had a relapse and the way that Suboxone works if you were on a lot of other medicines of opioids, or heroin and you took Suboxone without being in withdrawal. First, it would knock you into withdrawal so
Brittany Cifers: It.
Kathleen Marshall: Are actors on to those receptors and knocks the opioid off.
Kathleen Marshall: And so, if any, if you ever were to relapse, just be aware of that you would want to get in touch with us and we could get you started on the Suboxone again. But you would want to be in some amount of withdrawal before you took it, or you're going to feel awful.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay. Um so bright heart health. We do the group meetings. That's why I was asking you about that. It's a telephone meeting or or a
Kathleen Marshall: Video zoom meeting and there once a week. So they usually work well for people even better. Introverts are like sticking to themselves, because you don't have to go somewhere and you're just in the you know your own home.
Kathleen Marshall: While we ask is that you, you know, have a quiet area where there's not people kind of moving all around for
Brittany Cifers: Privacy, the main time. The only time that I have quiet.
Brittany Cifers: Is mainly on Sundays.
Kathleen Marshall: Sunday is OK. I'll reach out to the care coordinator and let them know what you're thinking. We have a North Carolina group running on Tuesdays at 7pm.
Brittany Cifers: Tuesdays this fun
Kathleen Marshall: You could do that one. Okay, we can see
Kathleen Marshall: And we do ask that you don't
Kathleen Marshall: smoke or drink, you could drink water or anything but or vapor anything because some people if they're trying to quit that, you know, can be hard for them to
Brittany Cifers: Go.
Kathleen Marshall: To see your watch and just for that period of time, the counselor there Serena is excellent. So she'll meet you then and I can plan on checking in with you at those meetings and then we can refill your medications, kind of going from there.
All right.
Kathleen Marshall: You will get once a month, you're going to get a urine drug screen in the mail. You'll get the package and don't open it. That's the most important
Kathleen Marshall: Don't open the package until you're in with the virtual clinic and you're in front of someone your care coordinator and they'll have you open it on camera. And then you'll go pee and hold it up.
Kathleen Marshall: So that's one thing to remember people get it in the mail I open it and then if
Kathleen Marshall: We can't use it.
Kathleen Marshall: The blood work I'll have them send you know will coordinate getting that at the lab that's closer. Is that what you were asking me about
Brittany Cifers: Yeah, it's ruining CREEK ROAD. We my closest
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: And some people are having some issues with coronavirus and labs, not being open so
Kathleen Marshall: We are understanding of that. But once you're
Kathleen Marshall: Able to
Kathleen Marshall: Work and I'll review it.
Kathleen Marshall: Looks at our liver function tests and your urine test and some basic other labs that okay
Brittany Cifers: All right, that'll work.
Kathleen Marshall: So let me log in and make sure I have the pharmacy here.
Brittany Cifers: Yes, Walgreens and create more
Brittany Cifers: Okay, that's what it should be.
Brittany Cifers: More
Kathleen Marshall: Not showing me before one but it's 1560 highway 56
Kathleen Marshall: Walgreen. Yeah, right.
Brittany Cifers: I'm here in Henderson right now. Are you able to do for today.
Kathleen Marshall: Say that again.
Brittany Cifers: Are you able to send it to Henderson, just for today because I'm here in Henderson.
Kathleen Marshall: I can send a week to there. And then you want to switch to the other farms.
Brittany Cifers: Yeah.
Brittany Cifers: That'd be fun.
Brittany Cifers: anywhere, any understandably fun. I mean, I've got Walmart near me. I've got on. I gotta put me in places near me.
Kathleen Marshall: Let me see if I can sometimes the computer is funny if we try to switch. But let me try.
Kathleen Marshall: The city is Henderson.
Brittany Cifers: Sure. Oh.
Brittany Cifers: Yeah. Henderson.
Kathleen Marshall: On the search box.
Brittany Cifers: Libby.
Kathleen Marshall: Is
Kathleen Marshall: Quality drugs incorporated
Brittany Cifers: Were there quality drugs.
Brittany Cifers: That's not one of them in Henderson.
Kathleen Marshall: Henderson, North Carolina.
Brittany Cifers: Yeah, but there's not a there's not a there's not a quality in here.
Brittany Cifers: Hey, give me a secret key.
Brittany Cifers: I'll be outside. I gotta find a forest.
Brittany Cifers: Near pharmacy near here.
Brittany Cifers: Where is it. Where's the nearest one
Brittany Cifers: Like
Brittany Cifers: A Walmart pharmacy.
Brittany Cifers: He did.
Brittany Cifers: You get
Kathleen Marshall: Your shirt.
Kathleen Marshall: Is it to 7750922737 271-275-7537 channel.
Kathleen Marshall: Ah,
Kathleen Marshall: I've got the Walmart.
Kathleen Marshall: In Henderson nurture that 500 right there.
Brittany Cifers: Alright, asking will rob with you.
Brittany Cifers: Should actually
Brittany Cifers: Follow her her to be a grocery store.
Brittany Cifers: Get my mother, she was. She looks at it right
Kathleen Marshall: And then Brittany. The other thing is, I'll send you a prescription for Narc can
Kathleen Marshall: I have you ever
Brittany Cifers: Have you ever signed. I don't need. I don't need it really
Brittany Cifers: No, yeah, I don't really need it.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, you don't have to pick it up, but it's part of our requirement to
Kathleen Marshall: prescribe it
Kathleen Marshall: Over needed for an overdose and I'll send you an email with instructions on how that's used
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, let's see, with that. So this is 12 films, which is that will be eight days one and a half films that day I have film three times a day.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay and sending that to the Walmart in hendersonville and make sure it goes through the flooring.
Brittany Cifers: ISA ISA Henderson. Right. I think there's Neil
Kathleen Marshall: Anderson. Yeah.
Yeah.
Kathleen Marshall: It says it's North Cooper road Henderson.
Brittany Cifers: Yes that's fun.
Brittany Cifers: Thank you.
Brittany Cifers: I want to give him get dressed.
Brittany Cifers: Get my medicine.
Brittany Cifers: Auction.
Kathleen Marshall: All right, Brittany, that is sent. So you should be ready for that.
Kathleen Marshall: And then you'll expect an email from me with some of that information.
Kathleen Marshall: Alright, and we'll get you set up hopefully we'll see you at group on Tuesday. Okay.
Brittany Cifers: All right. Thank you.
Kathleen Marshall: Okay, good to meet you.
Brittany Cifers: You're to
Kathleen Marshall: Add in PHP nine reviewed calling depression score zero common GA D score zero period expert reviewed with Odyssey score of zero period. Das tension no recent tranquilizer use comma cocaine years comma amphetamines period.
Kathleen Marshall: Patient as a 25 year old female with history of prior illicit drug use combine including legal problems.
Kathleen Marshall: Including the loss of custody of two of her children period, she reports, she has been on Suboxone for about one year period. She had started this
Kathleen Marshall: One year ago in an attempt to stop using illicit drugs, period. This was after the birth of her
Kathleen Marshall: youngest child.
Kathleen Marshall: Comma, when her daughter was several months old, period. She was obtaining Suboxone off the street.
Kathleen Marshall: And has access and not using other elicits including her past history of crack comma cocaine comma methamphetamine comma
Kathleen Marshall: Heroin period.
Kathleen Marshall: She has been enrolled in a program near her for the past two weeks, comma, but as finding it difficult to attend meetings and get to the doctor's appointments, comma, and is reaching out to bright heart health.
Kathleen Marshall: In the hopes that this will enable her to be on Suboxone and functional in her life, period.
Kathleen Marshall: Notably patient has stage for endometriosis, comma, she is seen by an OB GYN for this period. She hasn't had endoscopy in the past.
Kathleen Marshall: Come up, but still has intermittent pain, pure and she was on gabapentin comma prescribed by her previous primary care physician, comma, whoever she's not on this currently period, she was at one time on 400 milligrams tip period. She was looking for a new primary care physician period.
Kathleen Marshall: She was currently taking Suboxone films four times throughout the day.
Kathleen Marshall: And attempt to help her pain levels as well. Period.
Kathleen Marshall: family medical history showed mother with heart disease common diabetes, hypertension, common COPD karma father with no health issues, comma, brother with ADD.
Kathleen Marshall: Her past medical history include state for endometriosis comma
Kathleen Marshall: Low liver levels quotations around that.
Kathleen Marshall: Are passed surgeries include two knee surgeries.
Kathleen Marshall: Secondary to a torn meniscus AND THEN IT Band Surgery.
Kathleen Marshall: To C sections and uterine endoscopy for endometriosis.
Kathleen Marshall: Please add an HBA under endometriosis patient had been
Kathleen Marshall: On Lyrica and other pain medications in relation to her knee surgeries as well, comma, but has not been on these for several years, period.
Kathleen Marshall: All their details should be in the meeting there and hopefully that I started the note and hopefully we can fill it in and get this smooth. Thank you very much.